0.1
Kumar to Patel, no run, some swing there. Away from the left-handed Parthiv. 

0.2
Kumar to Patel, 1 run, pushed towards mid-off for a quick single. Robin
rushed forward and fired in a throw at the non-striker's end. had he hit,
parthiv would have been struggling to get back inside the crease in time. 

0.3
Kumar to Hayden, no run, in the channel outside off stump, Hayden allows it to
pass through to Boucher. 

0.4
Kumar to Hayden, no run, **run out of Hayden missed** Kohli is furious with
himself. Hayden had walked down the track but missed the hit, the ball went
off his thigh pad to the off side. Kohli rushed in from backward point and
under-armed a throw but missed. 

0.5
Kumar to Hayden, 1 run, leans forward to drive to mid-off where Robin makes a
tumbling stop. 

0.6
Kumar to Patel, OUT, PK takes out Parthiv. He switched to round the stumps for
this delivery and got the ball to curve away from Parthiv from that angle. Parthiv had a lame poke at it. 

1.1
Steyn to Hayden, no run, around 147 kmph, skids on quickly from short of
length, jabbed away to the on side. 

1.2
Steyn to Hayden, 1 wide, bounces it short. Hayden
shoulders arms. 

1.3
Steyn to Hayden, FOUR, 151. Hayden walked down the track and flayed the overpitched
delivery. 

1.4
Steyn to Hayden, no run, 149. 9 kmph, length delivery, kicks up outside off
stump, left alone by Hayden. 

1.5
Steyn to Hayden, 2 runs, walks down the track and pushes it out to right of
mid-off. 

1.6
Steyn to Hayden, 1 wide, full, fast - 150. Kumble has a chat with the bowler. 

2.1
Kumar to Bailey, no run, full and curving away, jabbed behind the wicket. 

2.2
Kumar to Bailey, 1 run, stays back to clip it behind square-leg for a single. 

2.3
Kumar to Hayden, FOUR, It has disappeared over mid-off. Full, looking for
swing, and Hayden leans forward quickly to lift it over mid-off. Change of bat
for Hayden but not the mini mongoose. 

2.4
Kumar to Hayden, no run, length delivery on middle and off, pushed towards the
non striker and PK intercepts. 

2.5
Kumar to Hayden, no run, moves in from middle and leg, slower one, Hayden
tries to clip it through the on side, misses and is hit on the thigh pad. 

2.6
Kumar to Hayden, 1 wide, fires across a bouncer. 

3.1
Steyn to Bailey, no run, full, pacy, lands on the middle and off line, 150. 

3.2
Steyn to Bailey, no run, lands on a length outside off stump and curves away,. 

lone


3.3
Steyn to Bailey, no run, a pacy bouncer, 152. , Bailey just about
manages to duck out of the way. 

3.4
Steyn to Bailey, 1 run, fuller, good leg cutter at just over 150 kmph, jabbed
out to cover for a quick single. the throw deflects off Bailey's bat as he
grounds it in and goes wide of mid-on but Bailey says let's not run this
overthrow. 

3.5
Steyn to Hayden, 1 wide, pushes this wide outside off stump,. 

3.6
Steyn to Bailey, no run, He is beaten for pace here. Around 148 kmph length
delivery skidding on quickly towards middle stump, Bailey wanted to work it to
the on side but the ball whooshes past the bat and thuds into the thigh pad. 

4.1
Kumble to Hayden, no run, on the middle stump line, worked behind square-leg. 

4.2
Kumble to Hayden, 1 run, walks down the track and whips the dipping full toss
to midwicket. 

4.3
Kumble to Bailey, no run, full and skidding in, driven out to short cover. 

4.4
Kumble to Bailey, no run, the slider arrives, Bailey pushes unconvincingly and
it goes off the pad and BOucher collects very well. 

4.5
Kumble to Bailey, no run, Bailey can't get Kumble away. 

4.6
Kumble to Bailey, no run, ANother dot ball. 

5.1
Kallis to Hayden, no run, Beaten by the slower one. Both Hayden and Kallis
have a laugh about it. Hayden was going for the big swing but went through too
early with the shot. 

5.2
Kallis to Hayden, 1 run, works this one past square-leg for a single. 

5.3
Kallis to Bailey, 1 run, outside off stump, run down to third man. 

5.4
Kallis to Hayden, 1 run, moves outside leg stump, Kallis follows him with a
full length delivery, Hayden edges the intended big hit to the on side. 

5.5
Kallis to Bailey, FOUR, Slap. Short in length and outside off and Bailey
breaks free with a fierce square-cut. 

5.6
Kallis to Bailey, no run, well directed bouncer, around 134 kmph, at the face,
Bailey is late on the pull and just about manages to yank his head out of the
way. 

6.1
Kumble to Hayden, no run, almost a yorker on the middle, pushed back to Kumble. 

6.2
Kumble to Hayden, 1 run, walks down the track, another yorker-length, squeezed
out to midwicket. 

6.3
Kumble to Bailey, 1 run, on the middle stump line, Bailey jumps out to the leg
side and cuts it for a single. 

6.4
Kumble to Hayden, 1 run, on the leg and middle stump line, lifted towards
long-on. 

6.5
Kumble to Bailey, no run, **shout for a catch behind decision** Lovely
skidding two-fingered googly on the middle stump line. Bailey is completely
cramped, goes for the cut, and it squeezes through to Boucher who breaks the
stumps. Kumble appeals for a catch. 

6.6
Kumble to Bailey, 1 run, pushes this one through the off side for a single. What a fine start from Kumble. 

7.1
Kallis to Bailey, 1 run, pushed away for a single. 

7.2
Kallis to Hayden, FOUR, sprays it just outside leg stump, perhaps he thought
Hayden would move down the leg side but Hayden stays where he was and plays
the leg glance. 

7.3
Kallis to Hayden, FOUR, Mon goosebumps time. 

7.4
Kallis to Hayden, FOUR, Whack. Kallis drags it short and Hayden plays the pull
shot to perfection. 

7.5
Kallis to Hayden, no run, from round the stumps now, he slips in a slower one,
Hayden walks down the track, goes for the big lofted hit but is beaten by the
change of pace. 

7.6
Kallis to Hayden, no run, fires a bouncer around off stump line, Hayden sways
away from the line. 

8.1
Kumble to Bailey, no run, Nice googly. BAiley is clueless. Slow looped up,
outside off stump and Bailey pushes out and gets an inside edge on to the pad. 

8.2
Kumble to Bailey, no run, this one has been pushed back to the bowler. 

8.3
Kumble to Bailey, 4 leg byes, flighted on middle and leg line, Bailey doesn't
connect with the sweep shot but the ball goes off the pads to fine-leg
boundary. 

8.4
Kumble to Bailey, 1 run, googly, this time worked past square-leg. 

8.5
Kumble to Hayden, 1 run, full loopy delivery on middle stump line, driven to
long-on. 

8.6
Kumble to Bailey, 1 run, this one is a leg break, turns away from Bailey who
stabs it to backward point. 

9.1
Vinay Kumar to Bailey, FOUR, short in length on the middle and leg, Bailey
shuffles inside the line and goes for the pull and ends up dragging it down to
fine-leg boundary. 

9.2
Vinay Kumar to Bailey, OUT, **Hayden is run out. Direct hit from Rahul
Dravid** It was pushed to cover, Hayden backed up too far, Dravid swooped in
for the kill and under-armed a direct hit at the non-striker's end. Dravid has struck a big blow. 

9.3
Vinay Kumar to Bailey, 2 runs, Banged in short and Bailey top edges the pull
shot between long leg and deep square-leg. 

9.4
Vinay Kumar to Bailey, OUT, Two wickets in Vinay's over. A run out and now
Bailey's wicket. A lovely leg cutter, around the off stump and Bailey edges
the off drive. Vinay turns and appeals. Very good ball from Vinay. He has now ended Bailey's misery. 

9.5
Vinay Kumar to Vijay, 1 run, pushed to point for a single. 

9.6
Vinay Kumar to Raina, 1 run, Vinay produces a fine bouncer and Raina, who
struggles against the short-pitched stuff, takes his eyes off the ball and
fends it off in an ungainly fashion. 

10.1
Kallis to Raina, no run, **run out chance missed** stays back to push the
short of length delivery to backward point. Vijay rushes back to get inside
the crease. 

10.2
Kallis to Raina, 1 run, stays back to clip it past square-leg. 

10.3
Kallis to Vijay, 1 run, stays back to wrist the back-of-length delivery on
middle stump to backward square-leg region. 

10.4
Kallis to Raina, 1 run, short delivery, swatted past square-leg. 

10.5
Kallis to Vijay, no run, another bouncer, climbs shoulder high and it flies
past the attempted pull. 

10.6
Kallis to Vijay, no run, in the zone outside off stump, Vijay pressed back to
push out at it and is beaten. 

11.1
Vinay Kumar to Raina, SIX, A brutal pull from Raina. This time around, he
seemed to anticipate the short delivery from Vinay and got into a nice
position to pull it away over square-leg boundary. 

11.2
Vinay Kumar to Raina, no run, And Vinay comes back with a quicker bouncer and
this time, Raina is beaten by the extra bounce. 

11.3
Vinay Kumar to Raina, 1 wide, tries to slip in the slower one but slips it
wide outside off stump. 

11.4
Vinay Kumar to Vijay, 1 run, stays behind the line to clip it past square-leg. 

11.5
Vinay Kumar to Badrinath, no run, length delivery around off stump and Badri
leans forward to push it to the off side. 

11.6
Vinay Kumar to Badrinath, 1 run, full in length and outside off, run down to
Manish at third man. 

12.1
Kumble to Badrinath, 1 run, nice full delivery that dips rapidly on Badrinath
who works it past square-leg. 

12.2
Kumble to Vijay, no run, The slider. Vijay is struck on the pad. 

12.3
Kumble to Vijay, OUT, Vijay goes for the slog sweep but this time Kumble
bowled the leg break outside off and in trying to fetch it from there, Vijay
miscues the shot to deep midwicket. 

12.4
Kumble to Badrinath, FOUR, steps forward, reaches the pitch of the leg break
and lofts it over the non-striker's head. 

12.5
Kumble to Badrinath, 1 run, quickly skidding slider on the off and middle,
jabbed away to short third man. 

12.6
Kumble to Morkel, 1 run, googly on the middle and off line, tapped to the on
side for a single. 

13.1
Steyn to Morkel, no run, short in length, 147. 3 kmph, it cuts in to brush the
thigh pad and goes to BOucher. 

13.2
Steyn to Morkel, 1 run, 147. 

13.3
Steyn to Badrinath, FOUR, 147,. 7 short-of-length delivery outside off stump,
Badrinath leaned back to cut it between the keeper and the wide slip. Cry of
agony from Steyn. 

13.4
Steyn to Badrinath, FOUR, Manish makes a mess at third man boundary and both
Kumble and Steyn look very angry. It was upper cut by Badri and Manish lets
the ball slip through his fingers. Steyn screams, Kumble stares. 

13.5
Steyn to Badrinath, no run, ooh. Steyn takes out his anger on the batsman. 

13.6
Steyn to Badrinath, no run, another short delivery , Badrinath seemed to be
expecting it, backed away to the on side and tried to upper cut it over slips
but can't connect. 

14.1
Kallis to Morkel, 1 run, slower one, full and outside off, hit to sweeper
cover. 

14.2
Kallis to Badrinath, no run, almost yorker length, dug out to the off side. 

14.3
Kallis to Badrinath, FOUR, 137 kmph bouncer on the middle, Badri top-edges the
attempted hook to fine-leg boundary. Kallis isn't too pleased. 

14.4
Kallis to Badrinath, 1 run, length delivery around off stump line, mistimes
the punchy shot to short mid-off region. 

14.5
Kallis to Morkel, no run, moves outside leg, Kallis a bouncer outside off,
Albie tries to reach out and upper cut but no wood on leather. 

14.6
Kallis to Morkel, no run, backs outside leg again. Kallis cuts the ball from
middle and leg line, from short of length and the ball flies over the middle
stump. 

15.1
Vinay Kumar to Badrinath, SIX, Top shot. 

15.2
Vinay Kumar to Badrinath, 1 run, full delivery, Badri prefers to stay back and
works it to long leg. 

15.3
Vinay Kumar to Morkel, 1 run, goes for the slog across the line but doesn't
connect properly, edged to his pad. 

15.4
Vinay Kumar to Badrinath, no run, moves outside leg and goes for the big shot
through the off side but the ball rushes past him and to the keeper. 

15.5
Vinay Kumar to Badrinath, FOUR, Whack. 

15.6
Vinay Kumar to Badrinath, OUT, Badri too is gone. He threatened to move outside leg
before he pressed right across the stumps and scooped the low full toss to
deep backward square-leg region where the Appanna, the sub for Uthappa who had
a ice pack on his shoulder after his innings, was stationed. 

16.1
Kumar to Morkel, 1 wide, full and well outside off stump,. 

16.2
Kumar to Ashwin, 1 run, another bouncer, another top-edged pull shot ,. Manish rushes in from fine-leg but cant' reach the ball. 

16.3
Kumar to Morkel, no run, Swing and a miss. 

16.4
Kumar to Morkel, 1 run, really full delivery well outside off, Morkel reaches
out to edge it to point. 

16.5
Kumar to Ashwin, 1 leg bye, full delivery on the pads. 

16.6
Kumar to Morkel, no run, again can't connect well with his swing to the on
side. 

17.1
Steyn to Ashwin, 1 run, full and just outside off, run down to third man. 

17.2
Steyn to Morkel, no run, short lifting delivery outside off,Albie tries to
play a upper cut but is beaten for pace and bounce. 

17.3
Steyn to Morkel, 1 run, moves outside leg and mistimes a forcing shot towards
sweeper cover. 

17.4
Steyn to Ashwin, 1 run, around the off stump line, pushed to cover point for a
single. 

17.5
Steyn to Morkel, 1 run, bounces from short of length, around 148 kmph, on the
middle stump line, stabbed away to the off for a single. 

17.6
Steyn to Ashwin, 1 run, Ashwin moves outside off stump, the slow bouncer from
Steyn, cut away to deep point region. 

18.1
Kumar to Ashwin, no run, full and outside off, Ashwin was outside leg and in
the end couldn't reach the ball. 

18.2
Kumar to Ashwin, 1 run, full delivery around off, driven to Appanna at sweeper
cover. 

18.3
Kumar to Morkel, 1 run, Fullish, outside off, dragged down to long-on. 

18.4
Kumar to Ashwin, 1 run, banged in short, top edges the pull behind the bowler. Kohli comes from the off side, Dravid runs from midwicket. 

18.5
Kumar to Morkel, FOUR, gets into position and drives through cover. 

18.6
Kumar to Morkel, no run, full delivery, squeezed out. 

19.1
Vinay Kumar to Ashwin, FOUR, bouncer around off stump line, Ashwin is late on
the pull and top edges it over Boucher. 

19.2
Vinay Kumar to Ashwin, 1 run, moves outside leg and carves a slower one to
deep point region. 

19.3
Vinay Kumar to Morkel, SIX, Albie Morkel, has smashed this right into the roof
of the stadium. 

19.4
Vinay Kumar to Morkel, OUT, Vinay is pumped up after taking out Albie with a
super yorker. 

19.5
Vinay Kumar to Balaji, no run, in the zone outside off stump, big swing and a
miss. 

19.6
Vinay Kumar to Balaji, no run, And again. 

