0.1

Morkel to Pandey, 1 run, leans forward to caress the full length delivery
moving away from him to left of mid-off for a single

0.2

Morkel to Kallis, no run, around the off stump, on a length, Kallis gets close
to the line of bull and pushes it out to the off side

0.3

Morkel to Kallis, no run, **drama** Huge appeal for a catch behind but Russel
Tiffin has turned it down. Lovely delivery, straightening from the good
length, Kallis goes for the on-the-up off drive and the ball flies past the
edge. Was there a nick? The replays don't confirm it. There was some itsy
bitsy tiny noise on it. The appeal was unanimous but then these days that
doesn't mean much.

0.4

Morkel to Kallis, no run, leans forward to push the length delivery to the off
side

0.5

Morkel to Kallis, 1 run, shuffles across to push to mid-on for a single

0.6

Morkel to Pandey, no run, fullish and around the legs, rolls of the pad

1.1

Tyagi to Kallis, 1 run, short in length and outside off stump, slashed away to
third man

1.2

Tyagi to Pandey, FOUR, goes for the yorker, Manish takes his front leg out of
the way and brings his bat down in a hurry. The ball flies off the inner half
of the bat and rushes on this fast outfield to fine-leg boundary

1.3

Tyagi to Pandey, no run, length delivery around off , Manish stays beside the
line to push it out to cover

1.4

Tyagi to Pandey, no run, stays on the leg stump line and has a flash at a
back-of-length delivery outside off stump but makes no contact . the bat goes
under the ball

1.5

Tyagi to Pandey, 1 run, jumps to get on top of the bounce of the short-of-
length delivery coming in to the middle stump line and works it to the leg for
a single

1.6

Tyagi to Kallis, no run, straightens around the middle stump line, Kallis was
on the shuffle, adjusts his wrists to adjust to the straightening and pushes
the ball to the on side of the pitch

2.1

Morkel to Pandey, 1 run, The bouncer arrives and Manish top-edges the pull.
But luckily, for him , the ball lands safely in short fine-leg region

2.2

Morkel to Kallis, FOUR, ** L Bala** doesn't see the ball at third man!
Opportunity for **catch missed**. Kallis had backed away and charged out for
the big lofted off drive and ended up slicing the ball towards third man. Bala
came forward and completely lost sight of the ball. Could be the crowd.
Hopefully not his eyes. The ball sails over him and lands inside the boundary
ropes!

2.3

Morkel to Kallis, FOUR, Ooh . this pitch has bounce and carry. It kicks up
from short of length, Kallis is almost squared-up as the ball straightens and
manages to stab it just past the diving slip fielder and it races away

2.4

Morkel to Kallis, no run, in the zone outside off stump, left alone

2.5

Morkel to Kallis, no run, charges out as he moves outside leg stump and tries
to slash the bouncing short of length delivery but the ball bounces over the
flashing blade.

2.6

Morkel to Kallis, no run, fuller, around the off stump, hint of away movement,
Kallis stays where he is this time and opens the bat-face to guide the ball to
point

3.1

Tyagi to Pandey, no run, length delivery that moves in to off and middle,
pushed out cautiously to the off side

3.2

Tyagi to Pandey, no run, backs away outside leg stump, Tyagi digs it in short
and outside off, Manish tries to reach out but mistimes the intended cut and
the ball rolls to cover

3.3

Tyagi to Pandey, no run, And again. Another mistimed cut and this time the
ball rolls off the bottom of the bat to slip.

3.4

Tyagi to Pandey, no run, this one flies from short of length and Pandey again
can't connect with the cut. Again, the bat went below the ball. Beaten by the
extra bounce.

3.5

Tyagi to Pandey, 1 run, Tyagi cuts this one back into Manish, who is as ever
looking to move outside leg at the last minute, and cramps him for room.
Tucked to square-leg

3.6

Tyagi to Kallis, 1 run, threatens to move towards leg before he moves towards
the off side and goes for the pull. But he too is unable to connect properly
and the ball rolls towards mid-on. Good over.

4.1

Balaji to Kallis, FOUR, goes for the slower one and Kallis leans forward to
lift it over cover point.. Easily done. The full swing of the bat.

4.2

Balaji to Kallis, 1 no ball, The beamer arrives! So does the apology from the
bowler. A startled Kallis just about manages to stab it away. The ball slips
out at the release

4.2

Balaji to Kallis, no run, length delivery around off stump, defended to the
off side

4.3

Balaji to Kallis, FOUR, **What a mess from Muralitharan!** Fielding lapse. Not
a catch. Kallis shuffled outside off and whipped a full delivery from outside
off to mid-on where Murali makes a fine mess. The ball went right through him.

4.4

Balaji to Kallis, OUT, This is the first time that Kallis has got out in this
IPL.. Stop the press. Call your grandfather. Tell your neighbor. Silence your
dog. Kallis, again, shuffled right across, got outside off stump and tried to
whip-flick a length delivery over the on-side field. Thin air. The ball flies
through straight to crash into the middle stump.

4.5

Balaji to Dravid, 1 wide, Bala slips in a wide down the leg side

4.5

Balaji to Dravid, no run, Big swing and a miss. It was wider outside off and
Rahul went for the big off drive but couldn't reach

4.6

Balaji to Dravid, no run, length delivery outside off and moving away
slightly, Rahul tries to run it down to third man but can't connect.

5.1

Tyagi to Pandey, 2 runs, **just over mid-on**. It was the short delivery
around off stump, Manish goes for his flat-batted heave down the ground and
just about clears mid-on

5.2

Tyagi to Pandey, FOUR, Top shot! Manish rocks back to get on top of the bounce
of the short-of-length delivery outside off and cuts superbly to point
boundary. A good horizontal-bat shot.

5.3

Tyagi to Pandey, 1 run, length delivery just outside off, Manish tries to
force it through the off side and edges it to short fine-leg

5.4

Tyagi to Dravid, no run, fuller, on the middle, on driven to mid-on

5.5

Tyagi to Dravid, 1 run, full delivery again, Is Dravid expecting it to be
short? He was caught hanging well inside the crease and lunges out but
mistimes the straight drive

5.6

Tyagi to Pandey, 1 run, on the middle stump line, pushed to mid-on for a
single

6.1

Balaji to Pandey, 1 run, back of length, just outside off, run down to third
man

6.2

Balaji to Dravid, no run, shortish, in the zone outside off, Dravid goes for
the cut but doesn't connect. He went too hard at that shot.

6.3

Balaji to Dravid, FOUR, Bosh! Full in length and around off stump, Dravid
leans forward to knife through the line and on the up and the ball flies over
mid-off

6.4

Balaji to Dravid, FOUR, **edged** past the diving Hayden at lone slip. It was
a length delivery outside off, Dravid wanted to drive it over cover.. slightly
slower in pace this one, and he edges it wide of Haydos

6.5

Balaji to Dravid, 1 run, this time he leans across, gets close to the line of
the ball outside off and opens the bat-face to guide it past Hayden

6.6

Balaji to Pandey, 4 leg byes, pushes it to the pads, Manish plays the leg
glance and it gets away past the diving fielder near the boundary

7.1

Muralitharan to Dravid, 1 leg bye, Murali starts from round the stumps. Off
break on the middle and leg line, tries to flick it and the ball rolls towards
midwicket

7.2

Muralitharan to Pandey, no run, on the middle stump line, worked to Suresh
Raina at short straightish midwicket

7.3

Muralitharan to Pandey, 1 wide, spins down the leg side, past the attempted
glance .. wide

7.3

Muralitharan to Pandey, no run, quicker, on the middle stump line, length
delivery, Manish pulls it to left of short midwicket where Raina makes a
diving stop

7.4

Muralitharan to Pandey, 1 run, on the off stump line, tapped to right of Raina
and calls Dravid for a quick single

7.5

Muralitharan to Dravid, FOUR, Top shot! . It wasn't all that short, Dravid
rocked back, created his own length and punched the off break to wide long-on
boundary.

7.6

Muralitharan to Dravid, OUT, And super comeback from Murali! It was the
topspinner this time. It landed on the middle and off stump line, from round
the stumps, and moved towards off stump.. Rahul again rocked back and tried to
cut it but misses it completely. Timber!

8.1

Tyagi to Pandey, no run, bounces from short of length outside off , dabbed to
point

8.2

Tyagi to Pandey, no run, tries to clear the front foot and seemed to be
initially going for the pull to the on side but the ball wasn't short as he
anticipated. He tried to adjust by changing his shot and go for a cut but the
ball flies past the edge

8.3

Tyagi to Pandey, no run, **run out missed** It was pushed to midwicket and
Robin had backed up too far. Hayden picked up the ball and fired the throw at
the non-striker's end. Robin tried to dive back in .. Had it hit the stumps,
he would have been out

8.4

Tyagi to Pandey, 1 wide, high bouncer flies over Pandey

8.4

Tyagi to Pandey, 1 run, kicks up from short of length outside off, Manish
wrists it wide of Hayden at midwicket for a single

8.5

Tyagi to Uthappa, no run, goes for the yorker, pushed out to cover

8.6

Tyagi to Uthappa, no run, good delivery, straightening outside off stump,
Robin is beaten, trying to guide it to third man. Fine spell from Tyagi, who
replaced Gony for this match.

9.1

Muralitharan to Pandey, no run, turns in to the off stump line, pushed back to
the bowler

9.2

Muralitharan to Pandey, 1 run, slows up the pace, off break on middle stump
line, worked wide of midwicket

9.3

Muralitharan to Uthappa, 1 leg bye, appeal for lbw .. Robin goes for the big
sweep and perhaps is struck just outside off stump. Got to see the replays.

9.4

Muralitharan to Pandey, OUT, Murali strikes again. Manish went for the big
slog sweep this time and ended up slicing it towards mid-on. The ball swirled
down from the night sky .. Raina went back from short midwicket and took a
good catch as the ball dropped behind his shoulder.

9.5

Muralitharan to Uthappa, no run, Robin goes for the reverse sweep, misses and
is struck on the pad. Perhaps, turning down leg.

9.6

Muralitharan to Uthappa, FOUR, He repeats the reverse sweep and this time
connects really well. The ball races past short third man fielder.

10.1

Morkel to Kohli, no run, leans forward to push it away for a single

10.2

Morkel to Kohli, 2 runs, turns this towards mid-on .. and they rush back fo
the second rub .. before the man rushes in from the deep. Superbly run by both

10.3

Morkel to Kohli, 1 run, leans forward to ping long-on

10.4

Morkel to Uthappa, no run, length delivery but it kicks up appreciably and
Robin pushes at it and is beaten.

10.5

Morkel to Uthappa, 1 run, leans across and tries to work it to the on side and
gets a leading edge to third man

10.6

Morkel to Kohli, FOUR, full length delivery outside off and Kohli plays a
classy cover drive ... the ball races away through the off-side field

11.1

Muralitharan to Uthappa, no run, goes for the big slog sweep but it flies
striaght to Raina at short midwicket

11.2

Muralitharan to Uthappa, 2 runs, **dropped** by R Ashwin at deep cover. RObin
had switched around completely into a left-hander's stance and plays a reverse
sweep - a revere slog sweep! - but Ashwin and Tyagi nearly converge and Ashwin
fails to hold on.. no one called for the catch I guess

11.3

Muralitharan to Uthappa, 2 runs, goes for another reverse sweep! this time
doesn't switch around completely .. and the ball goes past short third man

11.4

Muralitharan to Uthappa, no run

11.5

Muralitharan to Uthappa, 3 leg byes, the ball turns into the leg and middle
line and rolls away to fine-leg region

11.6

Muralitharan to Kohli, FOUR, another off break on the middle and leg line and
Kohli plays a delightful glance shot .. working his wrists over time and the
ball races away to fine-leg boundary

12.1

Ashwin to Uthappa, FOUR, Whack! Quickish and short of length, Robin rocked
back to pull it hard to the wide midwicket boundary

12.2

Ashwin to Uthappa, no run, much fuller, swung straight to Raina at short
midwicket

12.3

Ashwin to Uthappa, 1 run, walks down the track and plays a paddle sweep from
outside off stump! What is going off out there as Fred Trueman would have
said!

12.4

Ashwin to Kohli, 1 run, low full toss, swatted away to long-on

12.5

Ashwin to Uthappa, 1 run, hurls it really full, in search of the yorker,
pushed past the non-striker

12.6

Ashwin to Kohli, 1 run, full and straight again, worked to right of Raina at
midwicket

13.1

Balaji to Kohli, 1 run, length delivery on off and middle line, pushed to left
of straightish midwicket for a quick single

13.2

Balaji to Uthappa, no run, full in length and outside off, around 127 kmph,
hit hard but straight to cover

13.3

Balaji to Uthappa, 1 run, walks down the track and forces the short-of-length
delivery to long-on

13.4

Balaji to Kohli, 1 run, short in length, cuts in to the middle stump line,
Kohli mistimes the pull shot and the ball rolls towards deep midwicket

13.5

Balaji to Uthappa, no run, Big swing and a miss! Full and outside off stump,
Robin wanted to thrash it over the bowler but no wood on leather

13.6

Balaji to Uthappa, 2 runs, Top edged! Robin goes for the big pull and top
edges it over the keeper. Murali runs across from third man and the ball
threatens to spin away at the last minute but he stopped and lunged to his
right to push it back to the field of play

14.1

Ashwin to Kohli, 1 run, low dipping full toss, hit straight to long-on

14.2

Ashwin to Uthappa, 1 run, really full, Robin wants to go for the big hit but
is unable to get under the ball and gets a single as it rolls to long-on

14.3

Ashwin to Kohli, 1 run, goes down on his knee to drive hard but again straight
to long-on

14.4

Ashwin to Uthappa, no run, full, very full, Robin is unable to get under the
ball again.. pushed back to the bowler

14.5

Ashwin to Uthappa, 1 leg bye, tries the reverse paddle this time and the ball
rolls away to short cover region off the pad

14.6

Ashwin to Kohli, 1 run, moves outside leg and lifts it to long-off. Just a
single. Fine tight over from Ash who has been bowling it really full, just
short of the blockhole

15.1

Muralitharan to Kohli, no run, **Parthiv misses a stumping chance**. Kohli
goes down the track but is beaten in the flight and it goes between his bat
and pad and just outside leg stump.. Patel fails to collect it cleanly.

15.2

Muralitharan to Kohli, SIX, Thwack! He rocked back, created room and pulled it
hard over long-on. Up .. up and over.

15.3

Muralitharan to Kohli, no run, tries to go for another pull but doesn't
connect properly

15.4

Muralitharan to Kohli, OUT, Redemption time for Parthiv. Again, Murali beats
Kohli in flight by the doosra and also by the shortening of the length, and
the ball went past the attempted lofted slog .. this time it was outside off
and hence lot more easier for Patel who did what was required of him

15.5

Muralitharan to Morgan, no run, gets forward to drive straight to short cover

15.6

Muralitharan to Morgan, no run, Another dot ball. Morgan tries to work it to
the on side but edges it.

16.1

Morkel to Uthappa, SIX, Thunderous Wallop! Robin clears the front foot and
smokes the length delivery high over long-on .. way back into the stands.

16.2

Morkel to Uthappa, 1 run, **dropped by Vijay** at long-on. Robin whacked the
full toss hard to Vijay who drops it! What a Clanger!

16.3

Morkel to Morgan, 1 run, length delivery around off stump line, nudges it away
for a single

16.4

Morkel to Uthappa, 1 run, full and outside off, Robin mistimes the off drive
but will collect a single

16.5

Morkel to Morgan, OUT, Full in length and straight and Morgan goes for the
good-old slog across the line and completely misses it. Timber!

16.6

Morkel to Boucher, no run, short in length and outside off and Boucher cuts
straight to backward point. Both batsmen meet for a chat.

17.1

Ashwin to Uthappa, 1 run, walks down the track and whips it to deep midwicket.

17.2

Ashwin to Boucher, 1 run, gets forward to drive to Vijay at long-on

17.3

Ashwin to Uthappa, 1 run, moves outside leg and drives the full dipping full
toss to long-off

17.4

Ashwin to Boucher, 1 run, fires it really full and low, another dipping full
toss, whipped to deep midwicket

17.5

Ashwin to Uthappa, SIX, The white ball has gone flying over midwicket
boundary! Robin walked down the track, got the ball on full and swung it over
the on-side

17.6

Ashwin to Uthappa, 1 run, walks down the track, Ashwin pushes it further
outside off and Robin swipes it across the line but doesn't connect properly..
just a single, wide of midwicket

18.1

Balaji to Uthappa, FOUR, Super shot! This time he stayed still at his original
stance and unfurled a fine cover drive. The ball raced away to the boundary,
Bailey threw in a dive at the boundary line but can't cut it offf

18.2

Balaji to Uthappa, SIX, Will this ball come back from the midwicket stands?!
Robin walked down the track, Bala hurled it short and slow, Robin adjusted,
opened-up his stance and whacked it high over the boundary

18.3

Balaji to Uthappa, SIX, Whadaaplayaaaaaaa! Third IPL flfty and in what style.
He almost went down on his knee and smoked a length delivery high over long-
on!

18.4

Balaji to Uthappa, SIX, Hat trick of sixes. Robin has gone berserk with his
violence and the crowd have gone mad! Flat-batted six over long-on! You
beauty! Bala banged it short and Robin went for the fore-hand wallop! The ball
almost cleared the stadium and it crashed against the roof of the top stand!

18.5

Balaji to Uthappa, 1 run, really full this time, driven to cover for a single

18.6

Balaji to Boucher, 1 run, really full in length , square driven to sweeper
cover.

19.1

Ashwin to Boucher, 1 run, full delivery, Boucher drills it hard but straight
to long-off

19.2

Ashwin to Uthappa, 1 run, gets forward to drive to long-on

19.3

Ashwin to Boucher, SIX, Huge! Maximum! Boucher this time. He went down on his
knee and proposed .. disposed it over long-on!

19.4

Ashwin to Boucher, 1 run, goes for the yorker length, dug out to midwicket

19.5

Ashwin to Uthappa, SIX, What a knock this from Robin Uthappa! Yet another
violent hit over long-on. The carnage continues. He cleared the front foot and
crashed it over long-on. Boom! Biff!

19.6

Ashwin to Uthappa, 2 runs, walks down the track and drags it from outside off
to deep midwicket. He rushes back for the second and dives to get back inside
the crease.

